nglogc

Logging is a powerful mechanism to obtain runtime information from software
components (programs). These information can be of different types: transaction
logs for audit purposes, logs for error detection or detailed debug information
for error analysis. Also, the more the source code is growing the harder it gets
to have an idea on exactly which place an error occurs or if the program has the
correct chain of activity without any log for verification.

There are already tons of examples running everywhere, which make use of logging
and also many logging packages are available in the public. However, it can
still be found very often, that developers start to use a debugger or add some
printf-kind statements to their code in case they run into trouble with software,
which is not working as expected.

The difference between an audit trace and a debug log is that the first might be
wanted in a productional environment while the latter might be required only
during error analysis and should not influence normal operation. It might also
be wanted to ouput the one information into a file while the other should go
onto the display or to some other device.

But one is equal for all kind of information: they are different levels of
information from a software component which may be routed to different
destinations.

The intention of the nglogc library is to provide an easy to use and powerful
logging API with mechanism which allows to lumbering source codes with log
statements at the start of implementation and decide at the level of building
or at runtime which statements should be processed.

Therefore the log statements could be controlled by various log levels and
define switches are available to completely remove the call of the functions
at pre-processor time. So it is possible to switch on the logging only if it is
necessary or only print selected messages without any changes in the source
code. Different publishers are provided also as different formats of outputs
to fulfil the requirements for software development.

